1. Tell me about yourself
:=> 
Good morning  Sir/mam.
i am shubham gorle from orange city i.e nagpur.
about my  education, i have completed diploma in mechanical engineering form GHRP nagpur and BE in mechanical engineering from RTMNU.
i have also completed MERN STACK developement course from masai school bengluru.
I specialize in the MERN stack, which includes MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, and Node.js.
During my studies, I worked on a project that involved building a clone of shop.com, clone of expendia using html, css and javascript and clone 
of Koo application using React js. 
I'm excited about the opportunity to contribute my expertise and learn from the experienced team at your company.
Thank you for considering me as a potential addition to your team.


2. What prompted you to pursue a career in mern stack developement ?
:=> 
when i was in final year of graduation i had an idea on which i wanted to build a project which was related to computer 
science and i did not able to build it bcz i did not familier with the tech stack which is required to build that project.
but i wanted to learn the tech stack which is required for building that application.
to be very honest there was very limited job opportunities ans slow carrier growth in mechanical feild. 
thats why i choosen mern stack developer as a carrier.

3. why you shift your carrier from mechanical enginnering to computer science ?
:=>
after completion of graduation i discuss with my seniors about jobs availability in feild of mechanical enginnering.
and they told me we wanted to shift our carrier from mechanical to IT after having 2-3 yr of experience due to slow carrier growth.
then i think after having experice in core feild they are shifting their carrier then i should not waste time in trying someting because a great man 
says you should learn from other's mistakes. thats why i choosen mern stack developer as a carrier. 
 
 
4 what is your strength ?
:=> 
My gretest strenth i would like to say i am peoples person, i enjoy working in teams. during my masai school journey i have worked on three 
projects in a team of 4 peoples for each project and i don't think they have complaints against me.
of time.

5. what is your weakness ?
:=>
public speaking makes me nervous Althught i don't need public speaking for my role as a mern stack developer but i still thing it is important
skill, especially when i want to offer up my opinions in meetings or group discussions and i am working on this weakness to overcome it.

6. Why do you want to work here specifically?
:=> to be very honest i am not too proficient in this feild and i am looking for an organisation where i can learn and upskill myself and
you are are looking for a employe who can give their 120 per while learning so i can give my 120 per while learning and be a profient employ asap.

7. what do you know about our company ?
:=> 
avatu founded on 2018 and it is service based company which provide many services includes consulting, implementation and managed services.
you help clients achieve their objectives of digital transformation. 
you structure your teams on the basis of client requirement and provide them respective services quickly. 
The team includes Developers, Subject Matter Experts, Implementation Specialists, Business Analysts ,etc. 

8. tell me about your project ?
shop.com :=> 
    my first project was the clone of shop.com. 
    shop.com is ecommerse website which provide deals on clothes, beauty, shoes & electronics.
    this was collaborative project, built in 4 days by a team of 4 developers.
    the features of this website includes Login, Signup, Filter & Delete, search.
    my area of responsibility in this project was i Built the landing page, add to cart page and 
    control the GitHub codebase & worked on the integration of all pages.


chalanges you faced in this project ?

Expendia :=>
This is the clone of expendia application which
able to book the hotel online. It is a collaborative
project of four members which is completed in
four days.
Login, Signup, Filter, Delete, Hotel booking &
google map.
Built Hotel booking pages and their functionalities.
Added filter functionality, page linking.

9. what is your goal ?
i want to become a best web developer and to become a best web developer i need to improve my skills, 
to improve my skills i need new chanlanges and i feel like i will get new chalanges everyday while 
working in your company. that will improve my skills and i would give my 100 per output and i will 
achieve my carrier goal of becoming the best web developer.

10. where do you see yourself in next 5 year ?
:=> Over the next five years, I see myself taking on new and exciting projects within your company. 
    I truly believe that can pursue my career goals and eventually become a senior developer within your organization.

11. why should we hire you ?
sir i believe i am great feet for this role i am self motivated person and give 100 per to the any task that given 
to me that is why i been good with my acadamics and surely i will do same for any project that is given to me in company.
i also work good as a group member that why i have 3 projects in team. 
overall i believe i can contribute a lot to the organisation with my skill. 
:=>
you are hiring people for giving internship so you will first give traning and they will starts working for you 
so obiously you are expecting 3 major things in candidate first one is quick learner and i think i am quick learner second one is loyalty
because you invest in candidate then the candidate should be loyal with you and third one is candidate should be familier with techstack 
mensioned in job description. and i meet all this obious expectation from company.

12. tell me one situation when 

13. Why do you want to work here specifically?

14. Can you describe a time when you had to work in a team?"
   "Tell me about a challenge you faced and how you overcame it.





 
    


Introduction and Background:

"Tell me about yourself."
"What prompted you to pursue a career in [specific field]?"
Education and Skills:

"Can you elaborate on your academic background?"
"What programming languages/software/tools are you familiar with?"
"Do you have any relevant projects or internships you'd like to discuss?"
Behavioral and Situational:

"Can you describe a time when you had to work in a team?"
"Tell me about a challenge you faced and how you overcame it."
"How do you handle tight deadlines?"
Motivation and Career Goals:

"Why are you interested in this particular role?"
"Where do you see yourself in the next five years?"
Company Knowledge:

"What do you know about our company?"
"Why do you want to work here specifically?"
Strengths and Weaknesses:

"What do you consider your strengths?"
"Can you discuss an area you're looking to improve?"
Communication and Interpersonal Skills:

"How do you handle conflicts or disagreements?"
"Give an example of a time you had to communicate complex information."