1. Tell me about yourself
:=> 
Good afternoon Sir/mam.
i am shubham gorle from orange city i.e nagpur.
about my  education, i have completed diploma in mechanical engineering form GHRP nagpur and BE in mechanical engineering from RTMNU.
i have also completed MERN STACK developement course from masai school, bengluru.
During my studies, I worked on a projects that involved building a clone of shop.com, clone of expendia using html, css and javascript.
my hobbies are to playing cricket and listnining spritual song as wel.
I'm excited about the opportunity to contribute my expertise and learn from the experienced team at your company.
Thank you for considering me as a potential addition to your team.


2. why should we hire you ? 
sir i believe i am great feet for this role i am self motivated person and give 100 per to the any task that given 
to me that is why i been good with my acadamics and surely i will do same for any project that is given to me in company.
i also work good as a group member that why i have 3 projects in team. 
overall i believe i can contribute a lot to the organisation with my skill. 


3 what is your strength ?
:=> 
My gretest strenth i would like to say i am peoples person, i enjoy working in teams. during my masai school journey i have worked on three 
projects in a team of 4 peoples for each project and i don't think they have complaints against me.


4. what is your weakness ?
:=>
public speaking makes me nervous Althught i don't need public speaking for my role as a mern stack developer but i still thing it is important
skill, especially when i want to offer up my opinions in meetings or group discussions and i am working on this weakness to overcome it.

5. What is your greatest personal/professional achievement so far?
:=> My gretest professional achievement are i got third prize in 4th unit constuct week project competition at masai school, bengluru.  
    my project was the clone of shop.com. 
    shop.com is ecommerse website which provide deals on clothes, shoes, beauty & electronics.
    this was collaborative project, built in 4 days by a team of 4 developers.
    i got first prize in state level project competition Dipex-2019 at Nanded.
    my personal achievement is i was second topper in  winter-2017 MSBTE board exam.
    This is all about my personal/professional achievement so far.

6. where do you look youself after 5 years ?
:=> Over the next five years, I see myself taking on new and exciting projects within your company. 
    I truly believe that can pursue my career goals and eventually become a seniore within your organization.
                                                                    get a senior position within your organisation.

7. tell me about gap in resume ?
:=> I graduated in 2022, after that I joined a MERN stack development course at Masai School,
    where I studied until June 2023. During that time, my father became seriously ill, and I took 
    care of him through all the treatments and diagnoses. Unfortunately, I learned that both of his
    kidneys had failed. I was with him in the hospital, managing his entire treatment, but sadly, 
    I was unable to save him, and he passed away. It took me a long time to recover from this loss.

    After 4-5 months, I started preparing for interviews again. That is why you can see a two-year gap in my resume.


 8. what does motivation means to uhhh ?
 i don't believe on motivation. i am not saying it dosen't work but it work for short time.
 i belive on just follow the process constistently. focus on the process , do hard work in right direction then you will definately get success.

 9. how do you deal with critisism ?
 :=> "If someone is criticizing me, there are two reasons for this. 
 The first is that he or she may not like me personally. In this case, 
 I don’t pay attention to such things; I just let go and move forward. 
 The second reason is that I might have made a mistake. In that case, 
 I try to find out what I did wrong and work to fix it." 

 10. what is difference between confidence and overconfidence ?
 :=> there is very thin line between confidence and overconfidence.
 if some task is give given to then 
 "i can complete this task within the given time" is my confidence but
 "only i can complete the task" it can be turn into my overconfidence.

 11. difference between hard work and smart work.
 hard work is nothing but completing work by spending lot of time and effort.
 smartwork  is nothing but completing work by spending less time and effort.
 in other words we can say that smartwork is about the abolity to execute task 
 effectively and efficiently within the time and with quality.

12. why you shift your carrier from mechanical enginnering to computer science ?
:=>
after completion of graduation i discuss with my seniors about jobs availability in feild of mechanical enginnering.
and they told me they wanted to shift their carrier from mechanical to IT due to slow carrier growth.
then i think after having experice of 2-3 yrs in core feild they are shifting their carrier then i should not waste time in 
trying someting because a great man says you should learn from other's mistakes. thats why i choosen mern stack developer as a carrier. 
 
 13. why do you want to join our company ? 
:=> I am particularly drawn to your company because you believe in Delivering Excellence Earning Trust. This aligns with my
    own professional values. this made me even more enthusiastic about the opportunity to contribute to such a dynamic 
    and forward-thinking organization. 
    second thing is i am quick learner that why i am able to shift my carrier from mechnical to IT in limited period of time.
    i am very confident that i can learn any thing quickly and start work on it. this will help me in your company
    to learn quickly while training and immediately start work on it. 

14. you are web developer then why do you want to work here ?
:=> "If I were get a job relevant to the tech stack I am familiar with, I would still need to
     learn new technologies or languages. It’s impossible that the work will align perfectly with my 
     current knowledge. In the field of computer science, 
     we must be flexible to quickly adapt to new challenges. I am confident that I can learn
     new things and start contributing as soon as possible.

     Currently, my financial situation is quite challenging. I lost my father last year,
     it is very difficult for me to wait for opportunities in web development.
     I am eager to start my career in whichever field I can. 
     I am very confident that i become the best at what I do."